[expo-notifications] Add getNextTriggerDateAsync method for checking if calendar-based triggers are correct (#10455)
expo/expo: packages/expo-notifications/README.md

A `Promise` resolving once all the scheduled notifications are successfully cancelled or if there are no scheduled notifications.

### `getNextTriggerDateAsync(trigger: SchedulableNotificationTriggerInput): Promise<number | null>`

Allows you to check what will be the next trigger date for given notification trigger input.

#### Arguments

The schedulable notification trigger you would like to check next trigger date for (of type [`SchedulableNotificationTriggerInput`](#schedulablenotificationtriggerinput)).

#### Returns

> If the return value is `null`, the notification won't be triggered. Otherwise, the return value is the Unix timestamp in millseconds at which the notification will be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the return value is `null`, the notification won't be triggered. Otherwise, the return value is the Unix timestamp in milliseconds at which the notification will be triggered.
```

A `Promise` resolving once all the scheduled notifications are successfully cancelled or if there are no scheduled notifications.

### `getNextTriggerDateAsync(trigger: NotificationTriggerInput): Promise<number | null>`

Allows you to check what will be the next trigger date for given notification trigger input.

#### Arguments

The notification trigger you would like to check next trigger date for.

> **Note:** Only calendar-based notification triggers are supported, trying to get trigger date for triggers of other types will result in `Promise` rejection with code `ERR_NOTIFICATIONS_INVALID_CALENDAR_TRIGGER`.

#### Returns

>  If return value is `null`, the notification wouldn't be triggered. If return value is a number, it is Unix timestamp at which the notification would be triggered (to interpret it as a JS `Date` you'll need to multiply the number by 1000).

Author: ```suggestion
If the return value is `null`, the notification won't be triggered. Otherwise, the return value is the Unix timestamp at which the notification will be triggered (to interpret it as a JS `Date` you'll need to multiply the number by 1000).
```

export type NotificationTriggerInput =
  | null
  | ChannelAwareTriggerInput
  | SchedulableNotificationTriggerInput;
```

### `SchedulableNotificationTriggerInput`

> A type representing time-based, schedulable triggers. For these triggers you can check next trigger date with [`getNextTriggerDateAsync`](#getnexttriggerdateasynctrigger-schedulablenotificationtriggerinput-promisenumber--null).

Author: ```suggestion
A type representing time-based, schedulable triggers. For these triggers you can check the next trigger date with [`getNextTriggerDateAsync`](#getnexttriggerdateasynctrigger-schedulablenotificationtriggerinput-promisenumber--null).
```
